Updating external property description and values. (#95823)
Azure/azure-content: articles/container-apps/ingress.md

| Property | Description | Values | Required |
|---|---|---|---|

> | `external` | Your ingress IP and app FQDN can either be visible externally from the internet, or internally from a VNET depending on whether the app environment has an external or internal endpoint, respectively - or visible from within the app environment only. |`true` for visibility from internet or VNET, depending on app environment endpoint configured, `false` for visibility within app environment only. (default) | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `external` | The ingress IP and fully qualified domain name (FQDN) can either be accessible externally from the internet or a VNET, or internally within the app environment only. | `true` for external visibility from the internet or a VNET, `false` for internal visibility within app environment only (default) | Yes |
```
How about this?
